So, the difference between an officer and enlisted member, they kind of
meld together once you get higher in superiority but the real difference
is when you start. An E1 or an E2 seaman or airman, basically
their only goal, their only purpose in life is to do a technical job
whereas an officer, an ensign, his day one is actually managing a
group of people. Obviously, they're both training but the goal of what
they're supposed to do is slightly different. As you get higher,
as you get to become E5, 6 or 7 for enlisted or you become a lieutenant,
that's an O3 for an officer, then you start going into management
and supervising people. So, at least on the ship, you would see that
the E7s, the Chiefs and O3s, the lieutenants are working side by
side, pretty much doing the same thing but in the lower ranks, then
enlisted is technical, officers are management.